Donald Trump — accused of sexual assault by multiple women. Wife said he raped her. Accused of raping 13-year-old girl and walking in on teens at Miss Teen USA pageant. Bragged of grabbing women "by the pussy."
Judge Roy Moore — accused of sexual assault and dating underage women.
Rep Jim Jordan — accused of ignoring sexual assault of young men while a coach, dismissed as "locker room talk."
Dennis Hastert — Former Republican Speaker of the House, convicted of sex abuse.
Joseph Russell Dendy — Former Cobb County GOP Chairman, child molesting.
Howard Scott Heldreth — "pro-life"/antigay activist, convicted of raping a child.
David F. Swartz — GOP Richland County Commissioner, convicted of sexually abusing a girl from age 6 upwards. Released after only 8 years.
Mark Pazuhanich — Republican judge, pleaded no contest to molesting his 10-year-old daughter.
Nicholas Morency — Republican anti-abortion activist, pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography and offering bounty to murder abortion doctor.
Edison Misla Aldarondo — Republican Speaker of the House in Puerto Rico, sentenced to 10 years for raping his daughter between ages 9 and 17.
Philip Giordano — Republican Mayor, serving 37-year sentence for sexually abusing 8- and 10-year-old girls.
Tom Shortridge — Republican campaign consultant, sentenced to three years probation for taking nude photographs of 15-year-old girl.
Strom Thurmond — Republican US Senator, had sex with 15-year-old black girl which produced a child. Underage. Rape.
Mike Hintz — Republican pastor commended by George W. Bush, surrendered to police for sexual affair with female juvenile.
Peter Dibble — Republican legislator, pleaded no contest to inappropriate relationship with 13-year-old girl.
Donald "Buz" Lukens — Republican Congressman, found guilty of having sex with female minor. Sentenced to ONE MONTH.
Richard A. Delgaudio — Republican fundraiser, found guilty of child porn charges and paying two teenage girls to pose for sexual photos.
Mark A. Grethen — Republican of the Year, convicted on six counts of sex crimes involving children.
Ralph Shortey — Republican state senator from Oklahoma, admitted to sodomy with 17-year-old male prostitute and transporting child pornography. Sentenced to 15 years.
Randal David Ankeney — Republican activist, pleaded guilty to attempted sexual assault on a child.
Dan Crane — Republican Congressman, had sex with a page (Congressional Page scandal).
Mark Foley — Republican Congressman, resigned after sexually explicit emails surfaced showing him flirting with 16-year-old boy.
Beverly Russell — Republican activist and Christian Coalition leader, admitted to incestuous relationship with stepdaughter.
Robert Bauman — Republican congressman and anti-gay activist, charged with having sex with 16-year-old boy from gay bar.
Jeffrey Patti — Republican Committee Chairman, arrested for distributing video clip of 5-year-old girl being raped. Record expunged in THREE YEARS.
